Now that we had some terror let's go back to practice and implement what we have learned inside our
application.
So let us go on and open the post controller and go to our index action.
As you can see we simply fetch the blog posts using all method and it only fetch the blog post model
without any relations.
Now that we know that we can fetch it together with comments and basically we'll start with fetching
the count of the comments.
So taking a look at how our list of blog posts looks.
Looks like we have only the title and the buttons to edit and delete and let's say that we would like
to show how many comments are written for each of those blog posts.
So let's see how we can do that simply.
So let's first reformat it so it's visible what I'm doing here.
So instead of the all we'll use with count that that we learned in the last lectures in that will specify
as an argument the name of the relation that we would like to get count for and looking at the blog
post the relation name is comments.
So let's specify that we want to count of their comments relation sorry comments and finally since we
get our query object we need to call get on it.
So we will have the same effect as we had we've all but this time it will also add a new property to
the blog post model called comments the same as the relation name underscore count.
So this would give us new property.
We can read comments count and this will contained a number of related models for this particular blog
post.
OK.
So we have that.
Now let's actually display that.
So open the index blade BHP from the posts and we can display the amount of comments just below the
link to the actual blog posts.
So we already know about that.
If DirecTV so we can use it to check if comments count so using this DirecTV we are checking if comments
count is nothing that can evaluate to false.
And if you do not know then anything that is zero or false evaluates to false impeach B.
So if we would have any comments then we can get into this part when we will display the amount of comments.
So we'll just read post comments count and other text comments or else so this would happen when comments
count evaluates to false.
So that would probably mean that comments count is zero in our case because we are certain that we will
have this parameter.
We can display no comments yet and of course we have to add.
And if so let us go back to the browser and it seems to be working almost exactly good because the last
one doesn't look correctly and this is because yes I will surround that with the paragraph.
Okay let's save the changes.
Now it looks correct.
And basically we can immediately modify one of our tests so let's open the post test feature test.
And if you will run the console you can see that currently our tests should be passing and we have 27
assertions so let's find that test where we test the index page where we display block post titles with
comments.
So as you remember we created a dummy blog post here which looks like this.
So it's just title and content.
And now since we created this dummy blog post it is being created without comments.
So in this case in this test we can expect that we can see the new title that's that will be matching
the title that we specified but we can also test if we would see the text.
No comments yet.
Of course we can also create a test with a blog post that will have comments and we'll do that in a
bit.
So let's first see this.
So you can see there is one more assertion other and tests are green.
So it means everything is working correctly.